---
title: Mobs and Enemies
banner: true
additional_scripts: ["/assets/atlas.min.js"]
---

* unordered
{:toc}

<!-- Keep this sorted alphabatically -->

### Acolyte

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Acolyte" mob=true
sprites="fg_villainAcolyteEarth_s01,fg_villainAcolyteFire_s01,fg_villainAcolyteLight_s01,fg_villainAcolyteShadow_s01,fg_villainAcolyteWater_s01"
%}

### Acolyte (Transform)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Transformed Acolyte" mob=true
sprites="fg_villainAcolyteEarth_h01,fg_villainAcolyteFire_h01,fg_villainAcolyteLight_h01,fg_villainAcolyteShadow_h01,fg_villainAcolyteWater_h01"
%}

### Apprentice

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Apprentice" mob=true
sprites="fg_villainApprenticeEarth_s01,fg_villainApprenticeFire_s01,fg_villainApprenticeLight_s01,fg_villainApprenticeShadow_s01,fg_villainApprenticeWater_s01"
%}

### Apprentice (Transform)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Transformed Apprentice" mob=true
sprites="fg_villainApprenticeEarth_h01,fg_villainApprenticeFire_h01,fg_villainApprenticeLight_h01,fg_villainApprenticeShadow_h01,fg_villainApprenticeWater_h01"
%}

### Android Soldier

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Android Soldier" mob=true
sprites="fg_villainAndroidSoldierEarth_s01,fg_villainAndroidSoldierFire_s01,fg_villainAndroidSoldierLight_s01,fg_villainAndroidSoldierShadow_s01,fg_villainAndroidSoldierWater_s01"
%}

### Android Soldier (Transform)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Transformed Android Soldier" mob=true
sprites="fg_villainAndroidSoldierEarth_h01,fg_villainAndroidSoldierFire_h01,fg_villainAndroidSoldierLight_h01,fg_villainAndroidSoldierShadow_h01,fg_villainAndroidSoldierWater_h01"
%}

### Armor Kaibutsu

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Armor Kaibutsu" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuArmor_h01,fg_kaibutsuArmorBlack_h01"
%}

### Bird Kaibutsu (Large)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Large Bird Kaibutsu" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuBirdBigEarth_h01,fg_kaibutsuBirdBigFire_h01,fg_kaibutsuBirdBigLight_h01,fg_kaibutsuBirdBigShadow_h01,fg_kaibutsuBirdBigWater_h01"
%}

### Bird Kaibutsu (Small)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Small Bird Kaibutsu" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuBirdSmallEarth_h01,fg_kaibutsuBirdSmallFire_h01,fg_kaibutsuBirdSmallLight_h01,fg_kaibutsuBirdSmallShadow_h01,fg_kaibutsuBirdSmallWater_h01"
%}

### Bird Kaibutsu (Small Gen)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Small Gen Bird Kaibutsu" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuBirdGenSmallEarth_h01,fg_kaibutsuBirdGenSmallFire_h01,fg_kaibutsuBirdGenSmallLight_h01,fg_kaibutsuBirdGenSmallShadow_h01,fg_kaibutsuBirdGenSmallWater_h01"
%}

### Cetus/Plesiosaur Kaibutsu

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Plesiosaur Kaibutsu" mob=true
sprites="fg_cetus_s01,fg_cetus_s01_skin1,fg_cetus_h01"
%}

### Chasseur

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Chasseur" mob=true
sprites="fg_villainChasseurEarth_s01,fg_villainChasseurFire_s01,fg_villainChasseurLight_s01,fg_villainChasseurShadow_s01,fg_villainChasseurWater_s01"
%}

### Chasseur (Transform)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Transformed Chasseur" mob=true
sprites="fg_villainChasseurEarth_h01,fg_villainChasseurFire_h01,fg_villainChasseurLight_h01,fg_villainChasseurShadow_h01,fg_villainChasseurWater_h01"
%}

### Engine Kaibutsu (Adult)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Engine Kaibutsu (Adult)" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuEngineAdultEarth_h01,fg_kaibutsuEngineAdultFire_h01,fg_kaibutsuEngineAdultLight_h01,fg_kaibutsuEngineAdultShadowSP_h01,fg_kaibutsuEngineAdultShadow_h01,fg_kaibutsuEngineAdultWater_h01"
%}

### Engine Kaibutsu (Juvenile)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Adult Ghost Kaibutsu" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuEngineLarvaEarth_h01,fg_kaibutsuEngineLarvaFire_h01,fg_kaibutsuEngineLarvaLight_h01,fg_kaibutsuEngineLarvaShadow_h01,fg_kaibutsuEngineLarvaWater_h01"
%}

### Eno Seaman

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Eno Seaman" mob=true
sprites="fg_enoseaman_h01,fg_enoseaman_s01,fg_enoseamanBoss_h01,fg_enoseamanBoss_h02"
%}

### Ghost Kaibutsu (Adult)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Adult Ghost Kaibutsu" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuGhostAdultEarth_h01,fg_kaibutsuGhostAdultFire_h01,fg_kaibutsuGhostAdultLight_h01,fg_kaibutsuGhostAdultShadow_h01,fg_kaibutsuGhostAdultWater_h01"
%}

### Ghost Kaibutsu (Juvenile)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Juvenile Ghost Kaibutsu" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuGhostLarvaEarth_h01,fg_kaibutsuGhostLarvaFire_h01,fg_kaibutsuGhostLarvaLight_h01,fg_kaibutsuGhostLarvaShadow_h01,fg_kaibutsuGhostLarvaWater_h01"
%}

### Id Kaibutsu (Adult)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Adult Id Kaibutsu" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuIdAdultEarth_h01,fg_kaibutsuIdAdultFire_h01,fg_kaibutsuIdAdultFireBarrier_h01,fg_kaibutsuIdAdultLight_h01,fg_kaibutsuIdAdultShadow_h01,fg_kaibutsuIdAdultWater_h01"
%}

### Id Kaibutsu (Juvenile)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Juvenile Id Kaibutsu" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuIdLarvaEarth_h01,fg_kaibutsuIdLarvaFire_h01,fg_kaibutsuIdLarvaLight_h01,fg_kaibutsuIdLarvaShadow_h01,fg_kaibutsuIdLarvaWater_h01"
%}

### Id Replica

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Id Replica" mob=true
sprites="fg_idReplica_h01"
%}

### Jellyfish Kaibutsu

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Jellyfish Kaibutsu" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuJellyfishEarth_h01,fg_kaibutsuJellyfishFire_h01,fg_kaibutsuJellyfishLight_h01,fg_kaibutsuJellyfishShadow_h01,fg_kaibutsuJellyfishWater_h01"
%}

### Kaibutsu (Adult)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Adult Kaibutsu" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuAdultEarth_h01,fg_kaibutsuAdultFire_h01,fg_kaibutsuAdultFireBarrier_h01,fg_kaibutsuAdultLight_h01,fg_kaibutsuAdultShadow_h01,fg_kaibutsuAdultWater_h01"
%}

### Kaibutsu (Juvenile)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Juvenile Kaibutsu" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuLarvaEarth_h01,fg_kaibutsuLarvaFire_h01,fg_kaibutsuLarvaLight_h01,fg_kaibutsuLarvaShadow_h01,fg_kaibutsuLarvaWater_h01"
%}

### Kram

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Kram" mob=true
sprites="fg_ADV_kram_s01"
%}

### Lizard Kaibutsu

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Lizard Kaibutsu" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuLizardEarth_h01,fg_kaibutsuLizardFire_h01,fg_kaibutsuLizardLight_h01,fg_kaibutsuLizardShadow_h01,fg_kaibutsuLizardWater_h01"
%}

### Local Idol

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Local Idol" mob=true
sprites="fg_villainLocalIdolEarth_s01,fg_villainLocalIdolFire_s01,fg_villainLocalIdolLight_s01,fg_villainLocalIdolShadow_s01,fg_villainLocalIdolWater_s01"
%}

### Local Idol (Transform)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Transformed Local Idol" mob=true
sprites="fg_villainLocalIdolEarth_h01,fg_villainLocalIdolFire_h01,fg_villainLocalIdolLight_h01,fg_villainLocalIdolShadow_h01,fg_villainLocalIdolWater_h01"
%}

### Mafia

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Mafia" mob=true
sprites="fg_villainMafiaEarth_s01,fg_villainMafiaFire_s01,fg_villainMafiaLight_s01,fg_villainMafiaShadow_s01,fg_villainMafiaWater_s01"
%}

### Mafia (Transform)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Transformed Mafia" mob=true
sprites="fg_villainMafiaEarth_h01,fg_villainMafiaFire_h01,fg_villainMafiaLight_h01,fg_villainMafiaShadow_h01,fg_villainMafiaWater_h01"
%}

### Mercenary (Clown)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Clowning Mercenary" mob=true
sprites="fg_mercenaryCircus2202Earth_h01,fg_mercenaryCircus2202Fire_h01,fg_mercenaryCircus2202Light_h01,fg_mercenaryCircus2202Shadow_h01,fg_mercenaryCircus2202Water_h01"
%}

### Mercenary (Transform)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Transformed Mercenary" mob=true
sprites="fg_villainMercenaryEarth_h01,fg_villainMercenaryFire_h01,fg_villainMercenaryLight_h01,fg_villainMercenaryShadow_h01,fg_villainMercenaryWater_h01"
%}

### Meteorite Kaibutsu (Large)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Large Meteorite Kaibutsu" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuMeteorEarth_h01,fg_kaibutsuMeteorFire_h01,fg_kaibutsuMeteorLight_h01,fg_kaibutsuMeteorShadow_h01,fg_kaibutsuMeteorWater_h01"
%}

### Meteorite Kaibutsu (Small)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Small Meteorite Kaibutsu" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuMeteorSmallEarth_h01,fg_kaibutsuMeteorSmallFire_h01,fg_kaibutsuMeteorSmallLight_h01,fg_kaibutsuMeteorSmallShadow_h01,fg_kaibutsuMeteorSmallWater_h01"
%}


### Meteorite Kaibutsu (Virtual)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Giant Virtual Meteorite Kaibutsu" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuMeteorDigitalBigEarth_h01,fg_kaibutsuMeteorDigitalBigFire_h01,fg_kaibutsuMeteorDigitalBigLight_h01,fg_kaibutsuMeteorDigitalBigShadow_h01,fg_kaibutsuMeteorDigitalBigWater_h01"
%}

### Mimic Kaibutsu (Gomeisa)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Gomeisa Mimicking Kaibutsu" mob=true
sprites="fg_gomeisaBlack_h01"
%}

### Mimic Kaibutsu (Procy)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Procy Mimicking Kaibutsu" mob=true
sprites="fg_procyBlack_h01"
%}

### Mimic Kaibutsu (Shizuku)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Shizuku Mimicking Kaibutsu" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuShizuku_h01"
%}

### Ninja Trainee

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Ninja Trainee" mob=true
sprites="fg_villainTraineeNinjaEarth_s01,fg_villainTraineeNinjaFire_s01,fg_villainTraineeNinjaLight_s01,fg_villainTraineeNinjaShadow_s01,fg_villainTraineeNinjaWater_s01"
%}

### Ninja Trainee (Transform)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Transformed Ninja Trainee" mob=true
sprites="fg_villainTraineeNinjaEarth_h01,fg_villainTraineeNinjaFire_h01,fg_villainTraineeNinjaLight_h01,fg_villainTraineeNinjaShadow_h01,fg_villainTraineeNinjaWater_h01"
%}

### Octopus Kaibutsu

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Octopus Kaibutsu" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuOctopusEarth_h01,fg_kaibutsuOctopusFire_h01,fg_kaibutsuOctopusLight_h01,fg_kaibutsuOctopusShadow_h01,fg_kaibutsuOctopusWater_h01"
%}

### Palanquin Kaibutsu

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Palanquin Kaibutsu" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuMikoshiEarth_h01,fg_kaibutsuMikoshiFire_h01,fg_kaibutsuMikoshiLight_h01,fg_kaibutsuMikoshiShadow_h01,fg_kaibutsuMikoshiWater_h01"
%}

### Salvager (Transform)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Transformed Salvager" mob=true
sprites="fg_villainSalvagerEarth_h01,fg_villainSalvagerFire_h01,fg_villainSalvagerLight_h01,fg_villainSalvagerShadow_h01,fg_villainSalvagerWater_h01"
%}

### Scavenger Easter Kaibutsu

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Scavenger Easter Kaibutsu" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuScavengerEaterEarth_h01,fg_kaibutsuScavengerEaterFire_h01,fg_kaibutsuScavengerEaterLight_h01,fg_kaibutsuScavengerEaterShadow_h01,fg_kaibutsuScavengerEaterWater_h01"
%}

### Shark Kaibutsu

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Shark Kaibutsu" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuSharkEarth_h01,fg_kaibutsuSharkFire_h01,fg_kaibutsuSharkLight_h01,fg_kaibutsuSharkShadow_h01,fg_kaibutsuSharkWater_h01"
%}

### Snake Kaibutsu

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Snake Kaibutsu" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuSnakeEarth_h01,fg_kaibutsuSnakeFire_h01,fg_kaibutsuSnakeLight_h01,fg_kaibutsuSnakeShadow_h01,fg_kaibutsuSnakeWater_h01"
%}

### Slime Kaibutsu (Juvenile)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Juvenile Slime Kaibutsu" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuSlimeLarvaEarth_h01,fg_kaibutsuSlimeLarvaFire_h01,fg_kaibutsuSlimeLarvaLight_h01,fg_kaibutsuSlimeLarvaShadow_h01,fg_kaibutsuSlimeLarvaWater_h01"
%}

### Space Kaibutsu (Adult)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Adult Space Kaibutsu" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuAdultEarthSpace_h01,fg_kaibutsuAdultFireSpace_h01,fg_kaibutsuAdultLightSpace_h01,fg_kaibutsuAdultShadowSpace_h01,fg_kaibutsuAdultWaterSpace_h01"
%}

### Space Kaibutsu (Juvenile)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Juvenile Space Kaibutsu" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuLarvaEarthSpace_h01,fg_kaibutsuLarvaFireSpace_h01,fg_kaibutsuLarvaLightSpace_h01,fg_kaibutsuLarvaShadowSpace_h01,fg_kaibutsuLarvaWaterSpace_h01"
%}

### Stuntman (Transform)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Transformed Stuntman" mob=true
sprites="fg_villainStuntmanEarth_h01,fg_villainStuntmanFire_h01,fg_villainStuntmanLight_h01,fg_villainStuntmanShadow_h01,fg_villainStuntmanWater_h01"
%}

### Trainee

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Trainee" mob=true
sprites="fg_villainTraineeEarth_s01,fg_villainTraineeFire_s01,fg_villainTraineeLight_s01,fg_villainTraineeShadow_s01,fg_villainTraineeWater_s01"
%}

### Trainee (Transform)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Transformed Trainee" mob=true
sprites="fg_villainTraineeEarth_h01,fg_villainTraineeFire_h01,fg_villainTraineeLight_h01,fg_villainTraineeShadow_h01,fg_villainTraineeWater_h01"
%}

### Tree Kaibutsu

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Tree Kaibutsu" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuXmas2012_h01"
%}

### Villain

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Villain" mob=true
sprites="fg_villainEarth_s01,fg_villainFire_s01,fg_villainLight_s01,fg_villainShadow_s01,fg_villainWater_s01"
%}

### Villain (Summer)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Villain In Summer" mob=true
sprites="fg_villainEarth_s01_skin1,fg_villainFire_s01_skin1,fg_villainLight_s01_skin1,fg_villainShadow_s01_skin1,fg_villainWater_s01_skin1"
%}

### Villain (Transform)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Transformed Villain" mob=true
sprites="fg_villainEarth_h01,fg_villainFire_h01,fg_villainLight_h01,fg_villainShadow_h01,fg_villainWater_h01"
%}

### Vine Kaibutsu

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Vine Kaibutsu" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuTentacleTree_h01,fg_kaibutsuTentacle_h01"
%}

### Wrestler

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Wrestler" mob=true
sprites="fg_villainWrestlerEarth_s01,fg_villainWrestlerFire_s01,fg_villainWrestlerLight_s01,fg_villainWrestlerShadow_s01,fg_villainWrestlerWater_s01"
%}

### Wrestler (Prison)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Wrestler (prison)" mob=true
sprites="fg_wrestlerEarth_s01_skin1,fg_wrestlerEarth_s01_skin2,fg_wrestlerFire_s01_skin1,fg_wrestlerFire_s01_skin2,fg_wrestlerLight_s01_skin1,fg_wrestlerLight_s01_skin2,fg_wrestlerShadow_s01_skin1,fg_wrestlerShadow_s01_skin2,fg_wrestlerWater_s01_skin1,fg_wrestlerWater_s01_skin2"
%}

### Wrestler (Transform)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Transformed Wrestler" mob=true
sprites="fg_villainWrestlerEarth_h01,fg_villainWrestlerFire_h01,fg_villainWrestlerLight_h01,fg_villainWrestlerShadow_h01,fg_villainWrestlerWater_h01"
%}

